Hi, Master. Good morning. In my project I got a new requirement. Actually my project is a payment transfer project. OK so. So my project name is IBMB OK and from my project I need to call a third party service(Common Service). Which is my internal service. Which will be handling the. Third party transfer limits. Those are called TPT limits. OK, so basically. I am having four API's OK one API is to get the user status API like when the user is TPT activated OK because. There is a rule called 24, 48 hours rule. If customer TPT registration activation time is less than 24 hours, user is not eligible to do any fund transfer. Next rule is 24 to 48 hours in this? Time the user can spend only maximum of ₹50,000. Transaction OK. for this one and remaining 3 APIs are. After I'm validating OK the customer has valid amount to transfer then I will lock that amount,  We need to lock that amount right? So that is called hold TPT limit API OK and once. I holded that amount, then I will do the actual amount transfer by calling FC API. Then based on the status of this API I will be. Weather Releasing. The holded amount on failure of that transaction(FC Call). Else confirming. That amount has been consumed on a success of the. Transaction. OK so for this like I already have everything like webclientutils, URLs, everything. Now I need to design the database structure the API call. Flow chart. And then I will start the complete implementation, okay. Can you please help me with the DB design and Architecture for this flow 

